README.md, before:

# OMODFramework

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/erri120/OMODFramework/_apis/build/status/erri120.OMODFramework?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/erri120/OMODFramework/_build/latest?definitionId=3&branchName=master)

This project is the continuation and overhaul of my previous `OMOD-Framework`. Aside from the fact that I remove the `-` from the name, this project will be more refined than the last one. I've implemented more features from the [Oblivion Mod Manager](https://www.nexusmods.com/oblivion/mods/2097) and finally use continuous integration with Azure DevOps to build, test and release this project.

## Download

_TODO_ :(

## Usage

_TODO_ :(

## License

    Copyright (C) 2019  erri120

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Added OMOD section to the README

README.md, after:

# OMODFramework

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/erri120/OMODFramework/_apis/build/status/erri120.OMODFramework?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/erri120/OMODFramework/_build/latest?definitionId=3&branchName=master)

This project is the continuation and overhaul of my previous `OMOD-Framework`. Aside from the fact that I remove the `-` from the name, this project will be more refined than the last one. I've implemented more features from the [Oblivion Mod Manager](https://www.nexusmods.com/oblivion/mods/2097) and finally use continuous integration with Azure DevOps to build, test and release this project.

## OMOD

`.omod` files are used exclusively by the [Oblivion Mod Manager](https://www.nexusmods.com/oblivion/mods/2097) aka `OBMM`. This was fine 11 years ago. Today the Oblivion modding community still stands strong and continues to mod their favorite game. There are sadly some huge and essential mods still in the OMOD format. [Mod Organizer 2](https://github.com/Modorganizer2/modorganizer) has [recently](https://github.com/ModOrganizer2/modorganizer/releases/tag/v2.2.0) added more support for [running Oblivion OBSE with MO2](https://github.com/ModOrganizer2/modorganizer/wiki/Running-Oblivion-OBSE-with-MO2) and made me wanna mod Oblivion again, only to find out that you still need OBMM for some stuff.

The source code for the original OBMM, written in .NET 2 ... yes _.NET 2_, was made available in 2010 under the _GPLv2_ license.

This Framework uses a lot of the original algorithms for extraction, compression and of course all functions needed for script executing.

## Download

_TODO_ :(

## Usage

_TODO_ :(

## License

    Copyright (C) 2019  erri120

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
